UnitaryHACK 2022 wrapup blog post (#237)
unitaryfund/unitary-fund: posts/_markdown/2022_unitaryhack_wrapup.md

---

Whether you were a participant, maintainer, bounty hacker, or community
member: Thank you for participating in [unitaryHACK](https://unitaryhack.dev/) 2022! It was a blast
💛🌴. We give a short summary of the event below.

**\#\# Community voices**

It's been great to host a [**[kick-off
party]{.ul}**](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL-VMs2BCTI_lhMY4SxVkJQpwwQL-wi14F)
on Twitch, hosted by **Misty Wahl**, from the Unitary Fund technical
staff and a Mitiq maintainer
\[[[Video]{.ul}](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kQJugFdIfqA&list=PL-VMs2BCTI_lhMY4SxVkJQpwwQL-wi14F&index=4)\],
together with other project maintainers and community leaders,
including:

-   **Catalina Albornoz**, from Xanadu's Pennylane
    > \[[[Video]{.ul}](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8rSXVFE6knM&list=PL-VMs2BCTI_lhMY4SxVkJQpwwQL-wi14F&index=2)\]

-   **Luciano Bello**, from IBM's Qiskit
    > \[[[Video]{.ul}](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gLLgKaH6yu4&list=PL-VMs2BCTI_lhMY4SxVkJQpwwQL-wi14F&index=1&t=128s)\]

-   **Filippo Vincentini**, postdoc at EPFL and maintainer of NetKet
    > \[[[Video]{.ul}](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KtRqreNV2Wk&list=PL-VMs2BCTI_lhMY4SxVkJQpwwQL-wi14F&index=3&t=1s)\]

> For **Alberto Maldonado**, maintainer from the Quantum Universal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 
 Hear what our community members had to say about unitaryHACK!
 
 From **Alberto Maldonado**, maintainer from the Quantum Universal
```
